Installation

At the time of writing only drivers for MiNTNet exist.

To install the EtherNat driver for MiNTNet, copy the file called 
"ethernat.xif" to your MINT-directory and then create a file called 
"ethernat.inf" in there too. Then edit "ethernat.inf" so that 
it contains the MAC-address for your EtherNat board. We have for example 
chosen this one:

00204358783c

which is the MAC address of an ISA-card we had at home, so the risk of 
collisions with other boards is minimal. You could follow this procedure 
too or just copy this one and change some digits so that you get a unique 
MAC-address.

In your MiNTNet configuration files you must use "en0" as device name for 
enabling the EtherNat.


Source code and programming

The source code for the EtherNat ethernet MiNTNet driver is included. 
These files are coded for compilation using GCC 2.9.5 and you should only 
need to type "make ethernat" to compile the whole thing.

You'll find the necessary information about where the registers for the 
ethernet controller are if you study the 91c111.h header file.

The registers of the USB are located at 0x8000001y. Fetch the chip 
documentation for the ISP1160 from Philips and you'll get a better picture 
of these registers. When setting up the interrupt in the USB chip it must 
be set to level-triggered active high.

The interrupt vectors are $C3 for the USB and $C4 for the ethernet. There 
is a kind of main control register implemented in the CPLD, which is a 
byte at 0x80000023. In this register you'll find the following bits:

	 The Ethernat control reg
	 Bit 0:		LAN half clock mode, default 1 (on)
	 Bit 1:		LAN interrupt enable, default 0 (off)
	 Bit 2:		USB interrupt enable, default 0 (off)
	 Bit 3:		unused
	 Bit 4:		unused
	 Bit 5:		unused
	 Bit 6:		Led 1 active low, default 1 (off)
	 Bit 7:		Led 2 active low, default 1 (off)

A few words about this register: Bit0 must always be on if your CT60 clock 
frequency is above 50MHz, else it should be off to get higher throughput 
from the LAN chip. But you'll have to recompile the driver to change 
this...

Bit 1 and Bit 2 are the main interrupt enable switches for the ethernet 
and USB respectively. If these aren't enabled then no interrupts will get 
through to the CT60.

Bit 6 and Bit 7 control the non-mounted LEDs on the EtherNat board. Look 
for LED1 and LED2 and you'll find them. You can solder your own LEDs to 
these pads together with a resistor that is around 200 - 300 ohm. Mind the 
polarity of the LEDs.

/Henrik Gilda
hencox@hotmail.com
