ext2.xfs
========

This is a full working Ext2 filesystem driver for FreeMiNT. The complete
project is copyrighted by the GNU Public License.

It can read and write the actual ext2 version as implemented in Linux
for example. The partition size is not limited and the logical sector
size can be 1024, 2048 or 4096 bytes. The only restriction is that
the physical sector size is smaller or equal to the logical sector
size. The blocksize can be configured if you initialize the partition
with mke2fs.

The next good thing is that it's a lot faster as the MinixFS. The Ext2
has a very good structure that is designed for maximal speed and avoids
also fragmentation automatically.

If you have any problems send me an e-mail or write to the MiNT list.
I'm very interested in feedback and suggestions.


Requirements:
-------------
Ext2.xfs requires a XHDI compatible harddisk driver.
It also requires a recent FreeMiNT version (at least 1.15.1 beta 0.6).
The right version is checked on startup.

There are now two versions: ext2.xfs and ext2_st.xfs. The ext2.xfs
version requires at least a 68020 processor. If you have a 68000
processor you must use the ext2_st.xfs version.

It's your task to verify that you use the right version!

NOTE: The 68000 version isn't tested. That's why it's not included here!
      If you are interested to test the 68000 version and the 68000 e2fsprogs
      please contact me. I don't have a 68000 based ATARI and can't test
      it self.


Tips & Tricks:
--------------
Make sure that your ext2-partition is recognised by the harddisk
driver. You can achieve this by either changing its partition ID to
e.g. RAW or by telling your driver to serve the current partition
name (e.g. LNX).

The default cache of the new buffer cache in FreeMiNT is small. To
get a better performance of the Ext2.xfs increase the buffer cache
(I suggest at least a size of 500kb as minimum).

Also use the latest e2fsprogs (version 1.14). These version work
much better as the previous version 1.10 from Axel.


Installation:
-------------
Copy ext2.xfs into the directory of yout boot partition
which contains minix.xfs (e.g. c:\multitos) and restart your computer.

Look in the FreeMiNT 1.15.1 release archive for an example script
to automatically check your filesystems at boottime!


WARNING:
--------
BE CAREFUL WHEN USING THIS PROGRAM. I, THE AUTHOR, CAN'T TAKE ANY
GARANTY THAT YOU WILL NOT LOOSE ALL OR ANY OF OUR PRECIOUS DATA WHEN
USING THIS PROGRAM. BACKUP OFTEN, BACKUP QUICK.


History:
--------
See in ChangeLog for more details

Thanks to Axel Kaiser who started this project and put it into the GPL.
Now it's almost ready, stable and very fast.

Thanks also to all other people that helped me and told me that
they are very happy to see this development. This was a good
motivation.


Have fun.

Frank Naumann
<fnaumann@freemint.de>

Magdeburg, 16.09.2000
